add apply_user_options hook (#5012)
jupyterhub/jupyterhub: docs/source/reference/spawners.md

```

to create `spawner.user_options`.

[](#Spawner.options_from_form) is a configurable function to turn the HTTP form data into the correct structure for [](#Spawner.user_options).
`options_from_form` must return a dictionary, and is meant to interpret the lists-of-strings a web form produces into the correct types.
For example, the `options_from_form` for the above form might look like:

```python
def options_from_form(formdata):
    options = {}
    options['integer'] = int(formdata['integer'][0]) # single integer value
    options['checkbox'] = formdata['checkbox'] == ['on']
    options['text'] = formdata['text'][0] # single string value
    options['select'] = formdata['select'] # list already correct
    options['notinform'] = 'extra info' # not in the form at all
    return options

c.Spawner.options_from_form = options_from_form
```

which would return:

```python
{
  'integer': 5,
  'checkbox': True,
  'text': 'some text',
  'select': ['a', 'b'],
  'notinform': 'extra info',
}
```

### Applying user options

The base Spawner class doesn't do anything with `user_options`, that is also up to your deployment and/or chosen Spawner.

> This is because exposing any options to users has security implications,

Reviewer: From reading the current documentation it wasn't completely clear to me that there is an API call that allows to provide arbitrary `user_options`. Consider mentioning it here.

Reviewer: perhaps this:

```suggestion
This is because the users can specify arbitrary option dictionary by using the API,
```
